the Israeli Army has ordered
Palestinians Sheltering in gaza's
southern city of K yunas to move to the
so-called humanitarian Zone in alasi but
Israeli forces are conducting intense
air strikes around K yunas making it
impossible for people to flee the
evacuation order comes after Rockets
were fired into Israel from Gaza on
Friday for the first time in a month
they landed in the southern city of
Ashkelon and an Israeli air strike has
targeted a house east of Kan
at least 14 Palestinians have been
killed in the attack in the town of
abasan their bodies and the injured have
been taken to the already overwhelmed
Nasser Hospital let's bring in our
correspondent Han mmud he's joining us
live from De Al Bala in central Gaza
hany we have been looking at frantic
scenes of patients being rushed to
hospitals after deadly
attacks yes the past 15 minutes have
been quite chaotic here at the hospital
as it it just in an instant of a span of
a few minutes the scene in the hospital
turned from a very quiet into as you see
is quite chaotic right now and
overcrowded the over the over the uh the
courtyard of the hospital is overcrowded
with people people were actually rushed
from the shelter that is nearby the
hospital that's an evacuation Center
that the western part from the hospital
all the way here and also the displaced
population inside the hospital at least
three three bombs fell on this shelter
the number of ambulance almost every
single ambulance vehicle here including
civilian Vehicles rush to the site as we
were told this is an overcrowded shelter
with many displaced families were inside
when the attack happened we literally we
literally seen children coming in pieces
shredded inside wrapped in in White in
white sheet or inside a plastic bag thn
into the hospital the ambulance are
still bringing more more of the injuries
more of the casualties from the shter
that is nearby the explosion was quite
loud it shook the area uh as it felt
more of like a quake bombs that fell on
the
shter we don't we don't know exactly how
many people but the ambulance keep
rushing keep keep this being dispatched
to the shter and bring back more of the
casualties that at least a thousand
people were inside this shelter that's
the the estimation that we have it also
has many of the tents that were set up
at the vicinity of this school now
evacuation centers and areas are
designed this way people try to set up
their ttin near to each other they have
comfort when they have their own family
members around them or people from their
neighborhoods from where they were
displaced but as you see here the scene
that's a crying mother right here at the
ambulance just look at look at the
casuals here trying to identify if any
of the family members who were in the
school are inside this
vehicle yeah Hy it sounds like you have
really been witnessing
unspeakable uh scenes of Devastation of
unspeakable injuries uh where you are
and we have been watching those live
pictures from from where you are the
last 15 minutes and what we are seeing
now an ambulance coming in hundreds of
people around it patients being brought
into the hospital we have been watching
those scenes ambulance after ambulance
getting to that hospital uh for at least
the last 15 15 minutes hany can you tell
us about um the attack that you are
talking about you're saying it it took
place on a shelter is this the same as
the attack in the town of
abasan well right now what we're getting
confirmed report that inside this
shelter is a field hospital and it was
directly hit by one of these bombs so
they were already patients inside this
field Hospital in the shelter trying to
get medically treatment they were
injured or killed in this attack and
this is the the the the part of the
psychological warfare there is nothing
there's nothing or no place safe here
not even a field Hospital inside the
shelter there you buy definition both of
these locations are humanitarian and
should be protected by humanitarian
international law but we see in those
Relentless Israeli air strikes targeting
the shelter where displaced families
have been Sheltering inside for the past
N9 months and now what we're hearing is
the field Hospital inside the shelter
itself was was targeted and many of the
patients who were inside are among the
casualties arriving uh to the hospital H
it's shocking to see the number of
ambulance that's been being dispatched
to the area including civilian Vehicles
bringing injuries back to the hospital
this is the pattern of attacks not only
in in in kanun in Aban or other areas of
Eastern khun but we've seen this pattern
of attacks inat a few weeks ago where
multiple schools in the span of 10 days
were attacked and bombed by Israeli air
strike that were carried in the middle
of the day or during the night leaving
hundreds of people killed the vast
majority of them were women and children
and just as of now just looking at the
the number of casual looking at the the
people arriving here inside the
ambulance we're looking at completely
100% civilian population women and
children people who are not injured
they're fully covered with the dust of
the bombs and the
buildings and he can see that's already
a de person brought from the hospital
and rushed out for barri
but also we seen children and women and
elderly soaked fully in blood with their
clothes apart from the bodies that
arrived in pieces fully shredded inside
the hospital this is the same exact
pattern that we' seeing over and over
this is in no way a collateral damage
this is intentional this is
deliberate a a shelter full of of
displaced civilians displaced families a
build house with the kind of Technology
employed in this war there is no way to
make mistake unless somewhere in the in
the chain of command someone thought it
was okay to bomb and to kill civilian
Sheltering inside inside an evacuation
centers and patients inside a field
hospital and hany I just want to warn
our viewers that there is a possibility
that we will see graph images on our
screens because this is these are live
pictures coming to us from where our
correspondent hany is outside alaa
Hospital in there Al Bala where there
are many people many ambulances coming
in after another deadly attack on a
shelter uh close to where I believe
close to where our correspondent is hany
you were saying that this is the pattern
of attacks that we have seen in Gaza for
more than 9 months now but I want to ask
how what you're seeing today Compares um
how you would describe the scale in in
in what you're seeing in those
ambulances coming in the kinds of
injuries that un really the Unspeakable
injuries that you are describing that
you've seen how it Compares you know to
the scale of attacks we normally see you
mentioned all of those attacks on
schools that were Sheltering people
refugee camps displacement centers that
took place around a week ago in central
Gaza and around a week ago we did see
one of the deadliest attacks one of the
deadliest weeks rather in Gaza since the
War Began with more than a more than 450
people were killed and so how would you
describe what you're seeing around you
now this is beyond catastrophic and
tragic the fact that we're seeing many
of the civilians arriving in the
ambulance and either they're they're
fully soaked with the blood or they are
in peace or they already killed uh
losing losing a LM or they're already
dead it's just an indication that the
Israeli military is not showing any any
slowdown or lit up in the attacks across
the across the G turb and mainly here in
the central area where we see in the
vast majority of this place families
have been pushed into this area more
from more recently from kanun City and
ra City when the Israeli military
started its military Maneuvers and
before that many of the people who left
the northern part of Gaza poured into
the Central Area according to the United
Nations we're looking at at least 1.7
million people are concentrated in the
central area at least 800,000 of them in
Dar bah City that's a very small area
already packed with people displac
people from the northern part in Gaza
and the number has increased with the
more recent recurrent incursions of of
Eastern Khan units and more the past
couple months when people were pushed
into further internal displacement into
ra City the one thing that we we're
certain about is the kind of injuries
here that we're seeing have been
subjugated to lethal weapons the kind of
bombs that are Dro unpredictable rockets
and missiles and bombs falling on their
homes or their shelters They are packed
with strap nails they're packed with
nails they're packed with little pieces
of metals that when they're flying at a
high speed they cut through the arteries
they cause severe bleeding and it
doesn't it it doesn't take time it
doesn't take time for for any of the
casualties arriving here to be
pronounced as they lose so much blood on
the way that they being transfer from
the bumb side all the way to the
hospital so far what we're looking at at
eight eight people have been
killed and already transferred to the
morg of the hospital the majority of
them women and children and we seen them
being transferred already uh inside the
the morg of the hospital as you can see
from the frame the entrance of the
emergency department is quite chaotic
right now and overcrowded with people
either people from who are Sheltering
inside the hospital or these are the
family members who have someone
Sheltering inside the the the field
hospital or the schools that just being
that was targeted in the past half a
half an hour to just to put a little bit
of context here just 45 minutes before
the attack happened and and I was doing
my life report here the sounds of the
drones in the background was was so
irritating it the the drones flew at a
very low level in the area and we were
just talking to each other we know we
know that the moment that we see these
Sky Predators these attack drones or
surveillance Dron we know something bad
is going to happen and we were just
talking about unpredictable bombs that
is going to fall somewhere here and just
within minutes of talking we heard the
explosions of the three bombs that were
dropped on the shelter and the field
Hospital inside of it uh this ambulance
is backing up right now and that's a
sign that the people inside the
ambulance are already dead they are
taking them to the morg there is no
point of rushing them to the emergency
department because they already they
were already dead at the site as a
results of the intensity of the attack
and the the the fact that is is quite
destructive
the kind of bombs as one doctor
described it when we interviewed them
within the past weeks they talk about
the kind of weapons that are used
they're very lethal apart from the fact
that they are packed with these strap
nails and and and nails that cut through
cut through the Flesh and cause severe
bleeding it also caus severe burns and
those Burns unfortunately with the lack
of medical supplies necessary paying
medicine uh most of the time people do
not have a chance of surviving these
severe burns and die within days within
a week maximum of their arrival to the
hospital and their cases that we
documented at the ICU in the past couple
weeks of people arriving and within
couple days they were they died because
of the severe burn here's the thing
these are Lethal Weapon that dropped on
a civilian population and a children uh
there is no way there is no way that
they're going to survive the attacks the
we are we were here at the hospital we
could feel the intensity of the
explosion uh imagine the people were
inside the shelter who had to experience
this firsthand uh what have gone through
their heads when it
happened Hy thank you very much we're
getting a report now inside this inside
this ambulance inside this ambulance
there are six more people brought to the
hospital already dead from the bombed
side that that just increased the number
into 14 people right now 14 people and
we were told there are children inside
the this ambulance vehicle here to my
right
side all right so 14 people killed on an
attack where people were Sheltering and
where there was um a medical medical
Point Hanny thank you very much for that
for now there is hanim mmud a
correspondent in there Al Bala he is
outside that hospital that we are
looking at live pictures of where a
number a a great number of injured
people have been rushed following that
attack H thank
you make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from aler